This script will add mobile device IDs to user's mailbox from a source CSV file by running the Set-CasMailbox -ActiveSyncAllowedDeviceIDs Exchange Online PowerShell command.  The source file is best generated by running this script, https://github.com/garrint/EXO-Mobile-Device-Inventory, to gather all of the device IDs but can be be manually populated.

NOTE: The 3.6 script is dependent on having the EXOv2 module installed (https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/ExchangeOnlineManagement). If you dont have the EXOv2 module installed yet, the 2.5.1(EXOv1-module) script will use the v1 ADAL module instead, but version 2.5 still requests with resultsize unlmited (which may not complete in large env).

The script will do the following:
1. Import the source CSV
2. Sort and hash the source CSV in order to make as few calls to Exchange Online as possible
3. Loop through all of the users found in the source CSV and add the device IDs

The script is also coded for large environments by having logic to check and maintain the health of the Exchange Online PowerShell session.  

LEGAL DISCLAIMER:
This Sample Code is provided for the purpose of illustration only and is not
intended to be used in a production environment.  THIS SAMPLE CODE AND ANY
RELATED INFORMATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  We grant You a
nonexclusive, royalty-free right to use and modify the Sample Code and to
reproduce and distribute the object code form of the Sample Code, provided
that You agree: (i) to not use Our name, logo, or trademarks to market Your
software product in which the Sample Code is embedded; (ii) to include a valid
copyright notice on Your software product in which the Sample Code is embedded;
and (iii) to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Us and Our suppliers from and
against any claims or lawsuits, including attorneys’ fees, that arise or result
from the use or distribution of the Sample Code.

This posting is provided "AS IS" with no warranties, and confers no rights. Use
of included script samples are subject to the terms specified at 
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/copyright/default.aspx.
